---
layout: single  
title: About UNIVERSE-HPC
permalink: /about/
author_profile: false
sidebar:
  nav: "uhpc_menu"

---

### Aims and Objectives
Research software engineers are experts who work closely with researchers to
improve the software used in research. They enable good practices in research
software and thus make research more open and efficient. Despite the importance
of Research Software Engineers, the majority of the existing RSE community
(Philippe et al, 2019) are self-taught. There is a gap in professional
education and cohort network for RSEs: even more so for those specializing in
High Performance Computing.

UNIVERSE-HPC or ‘Understanding and Nurturing an Integrated Vision for Education
in RSE and HPC’ will define a training curriculum framework – spanning from
undergraduate to continuing professional development level - for Research
Software Engineers (RSEs) specializing in high performance computing (HPC).

This will provide clear routes to enable more people from a wide diversity of
disciplines and backgrounds to obtain the skills and experience they require to
have a successful RSE career: working within centers of excellence, RSE groups,
and embedded in research groups. Together this will provide the skilled
workforce required by the UK to harness large-scale computing as the UK
prepares to exploit exascale.

It will develop and pilot the curriculum and necessary course materials to
underpin a professional training programme in RSE and HPC, supported by cohort-
and community-building activities, acting as a knowledge integration hub for
those with a stake in education and training for RSEs, including other
ExCALIBUR projects, those extending Carpentries training for HPC and RSE, and
existing and future initiatives in this area.

Meet the [project team](/team/).

### About ExCALIBUR
The Exascale Computing ALgorithms & Infrastructures Benefiting UK Research
(ExCALIBUR) is a UK research programme that aims to deliver the next generation
of high-performance simulation software for the highest priority fields in UK
research. It started in October 2019 and will run through March 2025,
redesigning high priority computer codes and algorithms to meet the demands of
both advancing technology and UK research.

The programme is led by the Met Office and the Engineering and Physical
Sciences Research Council (EPSRC) along with the Public Sector Research
Establishment, the UK Atomic Energy Authority (UKAEA) and UK Research and
Innovation (UKRI) research councils, including the Natural Environment Research
Council (NERC), the Medical Research Council (MRC) and the Science and
Technologies Facilities Council (STFC).

For more information: [https://excalibur.ac.uk/about-excalibur/](https://excalibur.ac.uk/about-excalibur/)