---
layout: single  
title: Privacy Policy & Terms of Use
permalink: /privacy/
author_profile: false
classes: wide
sidebar:
  nav: "uhpc_menu"
---

The UNIVERSE-HPC privacy policy outlines the way this website
(https://www.universe-hpc.ac.uk) processes, stores and protects user data and
information.

#### Information about you: how we use it and with whom we share it

The information you provide will be used by the UNIVERSE-HPC organization team
(a collaborative project between the University of Edinburgh, Imperial College
London, the University of Oxford and the University of Southampton) to:

 - enable us to supply you with the services and information which you have
   requested 
 - ensure that content from the website is presented in the most effective
   manner for you and for your computer 
 - analyze the information we collect so that we can administer, support and
   improve and develop the website 
 - provide you with information, products or services that you request from us
   or which we feel may interest you, unless you have indicated otherwise
 - notify you about changes to our service

The team uses external companies to process information about you on its
behalf. We use Eventbrite to manage registrations, fee processing and
notifications; Mailchimp for email communication; and Google Forms or
LimeSurvey for surveys. We use Google Analytics to provide insight into how our
users use our website. Our website is hosted via GitHub Pages.

The team, through its constituent University partners, remains responsible for
the information and will ensure it is kept securely.

#### Legal basis: consent

The team principally uses your information under the legal basis of consent.
When you enter your information in a form, we specify the purpose and future
use of this information. By submitting information to a form, you consent for
your details to be used according to the purposes stated within each form.

An example of this would be a request to be added to a mailing list (which will
be used to send you newsletters and information). As this information is
provided on the basis of consent, you are free to withdraw your consent for
such use of your information at any time.

We also collect some personal information (like the address of your computer)
through the use of website cookies.

#### Legal basis: contract

The University of Edinburgh may process your information under the legal basis
of contract, whereby the processing is necessary for a contract you have with
us, or because you have asked us to take specific steps before entering into a
contract.

Application forms typically fall into this category wherein you supply your
information because you wish to access a particular service or enroll on a
programme.

#### Retention of personal data

The length of time for which we hold your data is dependent on the purpose for
which the information was supplied.

Information supplied for an event registration is used to provide you with
information about the specific event you signed up for. It is retained after
the event has passed for statistical purposes. We do not forward this
information to third parties unless explicitly stated and it's not used to
contact you about additional events. If you choose to cancel your event
registration, you will not be contacted again.

Information supplied to support an application (for example to our Fellowship
Programme or the Open Call) will be retained during the application process
until a decision has been reached.

Details supplied for the purposes of registering your interest or subscribing
to a newsletter will be retained until you choose to unsubscribe from the
notifications or newsletter.

#### Cookies

We use cookies to improve service, enable the use of third-party services, and
to serve interest-based advertising on third-party websites.

The following is a list of cookies we use:

<small>**Google Analytics**</small><br/>
We use Google Analytics to provide insight into how our users use our website.
More information on how Google Analytics cookies work can be found on the
[Performance Cookies
section](http://www.ed.ac.uk/about/website/privacy/performance-cookies) in the
main University of Edinburgh website.

You may opt-out of Google Analytics tracking by installing the [Google
Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout) 

#### Third-party cookies

<small>**Interest-based advertising**</small><br/>
The Software Sustainability Institute and third-party advertising companies use
interest-based advertising. This involves sharing browser behavior data with
trusted partners.

If you do not want your browsing behavior to be used in this way, you may use
one of the following advertising industry opt-out tools:
 - [Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA)](https://www.aboutads.info/)
 - [Digital Advertising Alliance, Europe
   (EDDA)](https://www.youronlinechoices.eu/)
 - [Network Advertising Initiative opt-out
   page](https://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp)

<small>**DoubleClick**</small><br/>
DoubleClick is a remarketing pixel that collects personally identifiable
information about you to serve you relevant, more targeted advertisements when
you are browsing the internet.

#### Additional cookies and services

We also use additional tools such as YouTube, Twitter, and Vimeo which may
place cookies in your browser. For more information on these cookies and how
they are used, please see the [University of Edinburgh's information on
third-party
cookies](https://www.ed.ac.uk/about/website/privacy/third-party-cookies).

#### How to block cookies

You can restrict or block cookies which are set during your use of the website
by changing your browser’s settings. Some pages may not work if you completely
disable cookies, but many third party cookies can be safely blocked.

Check information in your browser’s help section for specific instructions on
how to manage cookies. Alternatively, websites such as “[All About
Cookies](https://allaboutcookies.org/)” provide comprehensive guidance.

#### Privacy policy changes

The UNIVERSE-HPC team reserves the right to update its privacy policy
periodically. We therefore encourage visitors to frequently check this page for
any changes to the privacy policy. Your continued use of this site after any
change in this privacy policy will constitute your acceptance of such changes.

The UNIVERSE-HPC is led by the Software Sustainability Institute which is also
supported by the University of Edinburgh's wider privacy policies and
guidelines. The following pages contain information about mandatory data
sharing, transfer outside the European Economic Area (EEA) and information on
how to contact the University's Data Protection Officer.

[View the University of Edinburgh privacy statement](https://www.ed.ac.uk/data-protection/notice)<br/>
[View the Software Sustainability Institute privacy policy](https://software.ac.uk/privacy)

If you have any questions, please contact Neil Chue Hong at [info@software.ac.uk](mailto:info@software.ac.uk)

#### Contact

UNIVERSE-HPC is managed by the Software Sustainability Institute, EPCC,
University of Edinburgh, The Bayes Centre, 47 Potterrow, Edinburgh, EH8 9BT,
UK.<br/>
[info@software.ac.uk](mailto:info@software.ac.uk)<br/>
[https://software.ac.uk/contact](https://software.ac.uk/contact)
